PANEL MEMBER: Codex 5.6 Sol
INVOCATION: codex exec -m gpt-5.6-sol --sandbox read-only --skip-git-repo-check "<panel-question.txt>"
CAPTURED: 2026-07-27, planning session for Phase 28.
NOTE ON THIS TRANSCRIPT: codex repeats its final block, so the answer below appears twice in
the raw capture; the LAST occurrence is taken, per the known vote-loss trap. Tool-startup noise
(MCP auth errors, hook lines, a deprecation warning, the echoed prompt) is omitted; the
reviewer's answer is verbatim and complete.

--- ANSWER ---

c4-disposition is the only option that preserves both the certification's integrity and the
standing severity policy.

Criterion 4 is primarily protecting completeness and accountability. F28-04 pairs "every
finding … resolved" with "no critical case is skipped," indicating that the core threat is
silent omission: unexecuted cases, unrecorded findings, or findings disappearing between
certification and release. Requiring every discovered item to reach a documented terminal
disposition preserves that protection. c4-standing does not, because sub-HIGH findings could
bypass the acceptance artifact entirely.

The measured history decisively rejects c4-literal. Blocking on LOW produced 74 plans over
roughly two weeks; the amended HIGH threshold produced closure in four plans. Worse, literal
zero defects is unreachable when some observations describe intentional platform constraints.
It would incentivize deleting findings, narrowing test coverage, or relabeling defects until
the ledger appeared empty. That produces a cleaner receipt and a less trustworthy
certification.

Certification nevertheless requires more than ordinary backlog handling. A signed receipt must
disclose every accepted or deferred MEDIUM/LOW finding, including owner, rationale, backlog
identity, evidence, and release visibility. It must not claim "zero known defects." Its
defensible claim is: zero undispositioned findings, zero skipped critical cases, and zero
unresolved CRITICAL/HIGH findings. The known Windows process-tree reap defect deserves
especially rigorous rubric-based severity review; if its consequences cross a containment or
cleanup boundary classified HIGH, it cannot be accepted merely because it arrived labeled
MEDIUM.

The main gaming paths are severity laundering, evidence-free "disproof," ceremonial backlog
entries, and habitual acceptance of serious MEDIUMs. The proposed written rubric, independent
review of CRITICAL/HIGH downgrades, executable disproof evidence, and signed enumeration
materially constrain those attacks. The receipt also makes later release review capable of
rejecting an accepted risk rather than inheriting it invisibly.

Reading "resolved" as "dispositioned" is linguistically weaker than the ordinary meaning of
"resolved," so it would be dishonest if the receipt represented deferred defects as fixed or
claimed an empty defect ledger. It is an honest reconciliation only because the governing
policy explicitly establishes deferral as the terminal treatment for sub-HIGH findings and the
certification artifact preserves those findings rather than erasing them. The implementation
must therefore use distinct states—FIXED, DISPROVED, ACCEPTED, and DEFERRED—and define the
gate as zero findings without a terminal disposition. That is a clarified meaning of
resolution under the standing policy, not covert success reduction.

c4-escalate is unsupported: this is precisely the evidence-acceptance decision the program
assigns to reviewers, and escalation would repeat the measured human-gate failure mode.

PANEL_POSITION=c4-disposition
