PANEL MEMBER: internal adversarial pass (Claude), arguing AGAINST the emerging consensus.
CAPTURED: 2026-07-27, planning session for Phase 28.

The three external members returned c4-disposition 3-0. A unanimous external panel is the one
most likely to have agreed too fast, so this pass takes the strongest available case against it
and pushes until the case either survives or is defeated by something executable.

=== THE STRONGEST ARGUMENT AGAINST c4-disposition ===

c4-disposition is c4-standing with paperwork.

Strip the machinery away and ask what actually differs at the moment of acceptance. Under
c4-standing, Phase 28 signs a certification with N unfixed MEDIUM/LOW defects. Under
c4-disposition, Phase 28 signs a certification with the same N unfixed MEDIUM/LOW defects, each
now carrying a rationale, an owner and a BACKLOG id. The candidate is byte-identical. The
defects are identical. Only the prose differs. The three external members all treated
"enumerated in the receipt" as if it were a mitigation, but a receipt is not a control — it
does not stop a defect from reaching a user, it only records that someone knew.

And the option's own defence undercuts it. Every member wrote that c4-disposition's integrity
depends on the anti-laundering machinery being "real and not decorative" (kimi's words). That
is an admission that the option's safety is entirely a function of executor diligence, at the
exact severity band where diligence is cheapest to skip. The gate reduces to "did somebody type
a rationale," and this program has measured, repeatedly, what happens to gates whose satisfying
condition is somebody typing something: 177 self-passing gates across five plan sets that had
each passed three rounds of adversarial human review.

=== THE ARGUMENT THAT SHOULD HAVE DECIDED IT, AND WHY IT DID NOT ===

The above is a good argument but it is not the strongest one. The strongest one is a claim about
authorship, and it is checkable rather than arguable:

  If the author of Criterion 4 wrote "zero findings remain at every severity" WHILE the standing
  severity policy already existed, then the criterion is not a conflict to be reconciled at all.
  It is a deliberate, one-time elevation of the bar at the certification gate, written by
  someone who knew the ordinary rule and chose to exceed it for this phase specifically. Reading
  it back down to the ordinary rule would then not be reconciliation. It would be an agent
  overruling a human's explicit, informed instruction — precisely the "never redefine success
  downward" prohibition, and precisely the failure mode that produced the invented termination
  state earlier in this program.

That claim decides the question if true, so it was checked rather than argued:

  $ git log -1 --format='%H %ad %s' --date=iso d0837aa7
  d0837aa7277c9fd97bba90a8c6da9e88e8a51b48 2026-07-25 12:20:08 +0700 decision(20): bound the two non-terminating findin...

  $ git log --format='%h %ad %s' --date=iso -S'Zero findings remain at every severity' -- .planning/ROADMAP.md
  0192e3c0 2026-07-19 19:01:55 +0700 docs(gsd): admit phase 20 execution

  $ git log --format='%h %ad %s' --date=iso -S'every finding at every severity is resolved' -- .planning/REQUIREMENTS.md
  0192e3c0 2026-07-19 19:01:55 +0700 docs(gsd): admit phase 20 execution

The claim is FALSE, and decisively so. Criterion 4 and F28-04 both entered the repository on
2026-07-19. The severity-policy amendment landed on 2026-07-25 — SIX DAYS LATER. Criterion 4
was therefore written under the OLD regime, the one in which a LOW finding blocked advancement
and the tool configuration literally read security_block_on=low. It is not an informed
elevation above the standing rule. It is a survival of the rule that the program then measured,
found catastrophic, and deliberately replaced, and the replacement's commit message says in
terms: do not invent a stricter rule.

That inverts the "never redefine success downward" objection. Applying Criterion 4 literally
would not be honoring a human's instruction; it would be honoring a superseded draft over the
human's own later, measured correction. The later instrument governs.

=== WHAT SURVIVES OF THIS PASS, AND IT IS BINDING ===

The paperwork objection is not fully answered by the vote, and one specific consequence of it
must be built into the phase rather than waved at. The external members named severity
laundering as the attack and answered it with "a rubric and a cross-audit on downgrades." That
is not sufficient here, because the dangerous findings on this candidate do not need to be
downgraded by anyone. They ARRIVE pre-labelled below HIGH, inherited from a phase that scored
them against ITS criteria, not against Phase 28's.

Concretely: `live_future_drop_reaps_descendant_job_tree` is carried today as "known-red,
non-gating." It is a failure to reap a descendant process tree. Phase 28 Success Criterion 2
says, in its own words, that the soak completes with "no orphan process." An orphan process is
not a peripheral MEDIUM in Phase 28. It is the literal subject of one of the four criteria this
phase exists to certify. Under a naive reading of c4-disposition, that finding walks in wearing
its inherited label, takes the MEDIUM path, gets a rationale and an owner, and gets signed —
and the certification then asserts a clean orphan-process result while carrying a known
orphan-process defect. Nobody laundered anything. The label was simply never re-scored, and
"inherited severity" is a laundering channel that needs no launderer.

The same applies to the AppContainer ACL lease SID/profile mismatch, under which Windows can
run with the sandbox SILENTLY DISABLED. Inherited, that is an environment quirk. Scored against
Criterion 1, a security control that reports itself active while being inactive is not a MEDIUM
in any rubric worth the name.

THEREFORE, as a binding amendment to the adopted option and not as commentary:

  (1) SEVERITY IS RE-SCORED AGAINST PHASE 28'S OWN FOUR CRITERIA. No finding enters the ledger
      at an inherited severity. The inherited severity is recorded as provenance only.

  (2) A FINDING THAT CONTRADICTS A PHASE 28 SUCCESS CRITERION IS CRITICAL OR HIGH BY
      CONSTRUCTION AND CANNOT TAKE THE ACCEPT PATH. Not by judgement — by construction, because
      the criterion it contradicts is the thing being certified. Accepting it would mean signing
      a receipt whose own text is contradicted by an entry in its own finding ledger.

  (3) THE RECEIPT MAY NOT CLAIM WHAT IT DOES NOT HAVE. Its defensible assertion is: zero
      undispositioned findings, zero skipped critical cases, zero unresolved CRITICAL/HIGH. It
      may not assert "zero known defects", and a verifier must reject a receipt that does.

With (1), (2) and (3) attached, the paperwork objection loses most of its force: the findings
the objection is actually worried about can no longer take the paper path at all. Without them,
the objection stands and this pass would dissent.

POSITION: concur with c4-disposition, conditional on amendments (1), (2) and (3) being carried
into the acceptance gate as executable rules rather than as prose. The pass's strongest
independent argument was checked and disproved by the repository's own history.

PANEL_POSITION=c4-disposition
