INTERNAL ADVERSARIAL PASS — argued AGAINST the emerging consensus, not for it.

The external members converged on C (drift primary + absolute sanity floors). This pass
exists to attack C, and it lands three hits. Two are fatal to C *as the externals specified
it*; one is fatal to nothing but must be written into the bands or it becomes a lie of
omission. The conclusion is still C, but C amended — and the amendments are the reason this
pass exists rather than a rubber stamp.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HIT 1 (the serious one). In THIS soak, latency drift is structurally close to blind, and
C therefore risks being B wearing drift's clothes.

A session here is one invocation of a CLI binary. It is a FRESH PROCESS. When it exits, its
heap, its file descriptors, its threads and its address space go with it. The classic thing a
soak detects — a leak accumulating inside one long-lived process — CANNOT accumulate across
1,000 separate processes. So the mechanism by which "1,000 sessions degrade the product" could
show up in latency is narrow, and it is worth naming exactly, because if it were empty the
drift gate would be decorative:

  (a) on-disk state the product accumulates and then re-reads — a session index, a journal, a
      log directory. `session list` over 1,000 accumulated sessions is an O(N) read that a
      1-session run never performs. THIS IS REAL and it is precisely what a soak of a stateful
      CLI should find.
  (b) orphaned children surviving between sessions and competing for CPU. Real, and already
      separately observed by the orphan census.
  (c) OS-level table growth the harness itself provokes.

(a) is a genuine detection path, so the drift gate is not decorative. But it is much narrower
than the externals implied, and pretending otherwise would oversell it.

CONSEQUENCE, and it is a change to the design rather than a caveat on it: THE DETECTION WEIGHT
SITS ON THE RESOURCE SLOPE OBSERVABLE, NOT ON LATENCY DRIFT. Disk bytes of the state directory,
live child count and handle count across the run are where an unbounded-growth defect actually
becomes visible in a fresh-process soak. The bands must therefore carry slope bands with the
same force as the drift bands, and the results document must not present a green latency drift
as though it were the finding of a leak. It is not. It is the absence of one narrow symptom.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HIT 2. A p95 taken over a single 200-session window is a statistic with about ten samples
above it, on a host whose load average is 3-5 and not ours to control. Gemini's own key
objection concedes the failure mode: one external cron job landing in sessions 801-1000
manufactures a breach. Gemini's remedy — re-run the entire 1,000-session soak — costs the most
expensive thing this phase has, and on the single physical Windows box it may not be
affordable at all.

Kimi's construction is better and this pass adopts it over gemini's: compare BLOCK AGGREGATES,
not raw window percentiles. Compute the statistic per 100-session block, then compare the
MEDIAN OF THE EARLY BLOCKS against the MEDIAN OF THE LATE BLOCKS. A single spike then has to
move the median of three separate blocks to move the verdict, which is a far higher bar for
noise and a barely-changed bar for a real monotone degradation. This is not a loosening: it is
the same threshold applied to a less noisy estimator.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HIT 3. Every number below is invented. None has a measurement behind it. That is not an
argument against setting them — a threshold set after the run cannot fail the run, so option D
is worse — but it is an argument against letting them acquire the authority of measurements.

The bands file must SAY SO IN ITSELF, in a machine-readable field, so that a later reader
cannot mistake a pre-registered guess for a derived limit; and it must carry kimi's supersedes
clause, so today's guesses become a bootstrap rather than a precedent. A number nobody labelled
as invented is a number that gets widened by the next person who needs it wider.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHERE THE EXTERNALS ARE WRONG AND THIS PASS OVERRULES THEM

- Gemini's early window "sessions 101-300, discarding 1-100 for cold start". REJECTED as
  specified. Discarding the coldest sessions makes the baseline FASTER, which makes the late
  window's ratio to it LARGER, which makes the gate STRICTER — so the direction is safe — but
  it also silently removes cold-start pathology from the measurement, and cold start is a real
  product property. Adopted instead: blocks 1-3 are the early window INCLUDING block 1, and the
  cold-start effect is recorded as a labelled per-block series so a reader can see it rather
  than having it deleted for them.

- Kimi's "load-adjusted INCONCLUSIVE" verdict. REJECTED. A third verdict that is neither pass
  nor fail is exactly the shape an agent on this program previously abused when it invented a
  termination state to escape an artifact it did not want to produce. A regression adjustment
  on a covariate the certifier also chooses is a dismissal lever with a statistician's
  vocabulary. Adopted instead, and it is strictly weaker for the certifier: record the load
  covariate in the results as evidence, and let it justify a RE-RUN — but a breach is RED until
  a re-run is green on its own numbers, and there is no verdict between them.

- Kimi's "structural digest of output" for the quality invariant. ADOPTED, in the affordable
  half: the warm-up captures exit-status class, output-non-emptiness AND a normalised
  structural signature (top-level JSON key set where the output parses as JSON; otherwise line
  count and the absence of panic/error sentinels). "Exits 0 but silently malformed" is the most
  plausible quality-rot mode under resource pressure and it is free to catch here.

- Both externals' framing of the quality proxy as "quality". OVERRULED IN THE WRITE-UP, not in
  the design: this is a determinism-and-stability measurement, not a semantic quality
  measurement, and the results document must say that in those words. Calling it quality
  without qualification is the kind of quiet overclaim this phase exists to catch.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE STRONGEST ARGUMENT AGAINST MY OWN POSITION

Everything above still leaves a soak that can pass while the product is semantically wrong on
every one of its 1,000 sessions, provided it is wrong CONSISTENTLY and was already wrong at
warm-up. The absolute quality floor does not close this, because the invariant is defined
against warm-up behaviour, and a surface broken at warm-up simply establishes a broken
invariant and then matches it. The only real mitigation available at this cost is the
warm-up-validity gate: a surface whose warm-up is not a SUCCESS (exit 0, non-empty output, no
panic sentinel) does not establish an invariant at all — it is recorded as BROKEN INVENTORY,
and if broken inventory exceeds a pre-registered share of the resolved surfaces the whole run
is VOID rather than passed. That is adopted. It is a mitigation, not a cure, and the write-up
must say which.

PANEL_POSITION=C
PANEL_CONFIDENCE=medium
PANEL_KEY_OBJECTION=In a soak of 1,000 fresh short-lived processes the latency-drift gate can only fire through accumulated on-disk state, so most of C's apparent coverage rests on the resource-slope and floor mechanisms rather than on the drift mechanism the option is named after.
