PANEL-CMD: codex exec -m gpt-5.6-sol --sandbox read-only --skip-git-repo-check "$(cat panel-prompt.txt)" < /dev/null
Authorize `additive-at-current-version`. Goal, Task, and Wait should enter the accepted F12 journal as new `SessionEvent` variants in schema v5, each with an explicit reducer arm. New binaries append those v5 frames to the existing SHA-256 chain and replay them through the expanded reducer. Existing v4 protection remains intact because the frozen 49-event allow-list applies only to v4; v5 was expressly reserved for new variants. Existing journals replay unchanged under the new binary, while an old binary encountering a new record refuses the entire reduction instead of returning partial state. That is a safe, explicit downgrade failure—not silent corruption. A v6 migration would therefore add version-boundary work without preserving any behavior that the additive route fails to preserve. `escalate` is unsupported because the evidence shows a viable behavior-preserving path.

The irreversibility risk does demand proof before real Goal, Task, or Wait frames are shipped, but Task 1 supplies the decisive compatibility proof: M1 establishes unchanged replay of the real pre-change journal; M2 establishes that appending a new v5 event preserves the prefix and changes only the chain head when the reducer intentionally makes no semantic change; M3 establishes fail-closed behavior under downgrade; and M4 establishes compatibility with pre-change snapshot authority. Exhaustive reducer matching also prevents a new record from being introduced without an explicit state-transition decision. The three failures from the v6 probe demonstrate that migration machinery needs repair when the version changes; they do not provide a reason to change it.

Task 1’s `COMPATIBLE-AT-V5` verdict is sound for the schema and replay decision, with bounded limitations. Limitation (a) weakens corpus breadth but not the central conclusion: no tool-execution frames were exercised, so the experiment is not complete regression proof for every existing event lifecycle. However, adding an internally tagged enum variant does not alter the representation of existing variants, and M0–M4 directly test the relevant decode, reduction, chaining, snapshot, and downgrade boundaries. The missing credential prevents broader live-product acceptance, not the additive schema determination. The actual Goal, Task, and Wait payloads and reducer semantics still require their own tests before writing user journals.

Limitation (b) also does not overturn the verdict. Windows remains unproven for writer-lease release and byte-range locking, which is material to concurrent or restarted writing on Windows. It is not evidence that serde event decoding, the v4/v5 boundary, SHA-chain validation, or snapshot version pairing differs by platform. Thus Linux-only evidence is sufficient for `COMPATIBLE-AT-V5`, but insufficient to claim complete cross-platform acceptance of the finished durable-writing implementation. Windows lease and live append/reopen verification remains a release gate, not a reason to manufacture a v6 migration.

PANEL_POSITION=additive-at-current-version
VERDICT_SOUND=yes
